five marking predictions for 2023 want
to optimize your marketing strategy for
2023 you have to be prepared having a
set plan with a budget and tangible
goals is absolutely essential but the
rub you have to also be able to Pivot
things can change in marketing at a drop
of dime you see and read about all these
algorithm updates that means if you
don't adapt to them you won't do well in
the future whatever your approach may be
you have to have it solidified otherwise
you're just playing catch-up now I have
some predictions for 2023 so take note
and let's see how things shake out
prediction number one more and more
Brands will move away from third-party
cookie data did you know that the end of
third-party cookies on Chrome starts in
2024 now that's an extra whole year now
they may delay a little bit but chances
are it's going to happen in 2024. that
doesn't mean that you can't get a leg up
on things right now you don't have to
wait for 2024. prediction number two
voice search will continue to be a major
factor sales from voice search were
roughly 40 billion dollars last year and
they expect to grow even more this year
above 50 plus billion now some tips if
you want more voice search optimize for
Mobile in other words make sure your
site loads fast make sure that your
content is concise your answering
questions really short and to the point
look at long tail keywords and make sure
you blend them within your content also
optimize for conversational question
based keywords you can use tools like
answer the public to find out these
keywords and again make sure that your
answers are to the point to these
questions in other words if you can
answer them in one sentence instead of
two even better don't take five six
sentences to answer a question when it
could be done in one sentence that's
short and to the point prediction three
live shopping will take off live
Commerce will generate a predicted 387
billion dollars in China alone it hasn't
taken off as much in the United States
but it is Catching Fire and we're seeing
when influencers are part of the live
selling it does extremely well
prediction four social commerce will
drive the conversation 54 of users
leverage social media to research
products so are using social media to
Showcase your products from unboxing
videos heck to even people leaving
reviews and talking about how they use
your product even if you have a service
you can still use social media to people
to break down how they're using your
service and the results prediction five
podcast advertising will explode in
Britain alone audiences consumed almost
60 million hours of podcasts a week 75
percent of mobile Gamers prefer audio
ads over video ads and we see podcasts
advertising booming because the amount
of podcasts out there is really tiny
there's over a billion blogs but from
the last step that we saw when it comes
to podcasts there's less than 10 million
podcasts so there's just not that much
competition and a lot of the advertising
that's happening on podcasts right now
are to promote other people's podcasts
now if you need help with your Marketing
in 2023 check out our Ad Agency NP
digital where we help companies like
yours grow if you enjoyed this video
like it share it tell people about it
thank you very much